_pages/breakdown.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /breakdown/
title: "Material Breakdown"
date: "2025-07-28"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

For the 2024-2025 season we will be quizzing over the book of Acts. This page will be updated as information becomes available.

Once change from previous seasons: Championship division will only quiz on Acts 1-17 (more information available [here](https://biblequiz.com/2024/01/changes-for-acts-season)).

## League Meet breakdown

| **Meet**      | **Championship**     | **Contender**            | **XP5**         |
| ------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------ | --------------- |
| League Meet 1 | 1-5<br/>_(178 vs)_   | 1-4<br/>_(136 vs)_       | 2<br/>_(47 vs)_ |
| League Meet 2 | 6-9<br/>_(158 vs)_   | 5-7<br/>_(117 vs)_       | 4<br/>_(37 vs)_ |
| League Meet 3 | 10-13<br/>_(155 vs)_ | 8-9:19<br/>_(58 vs)_     | 5<br/>_(42 vs)_ |
| League Meet 4 | 14-17<br/>_(142 vs)_ | 9:20-10:48<br/>_(73 vs)_ | 9<br/>_(43 vs)_ |
| **TOTAL**     | **633 verses**       | **384 verses**           | **169 verses**  |

_Championship League was formerly called A League; Contender League was formerly called Middle School Quiz (MSQ)_

For the Championship and Contender divisions at League Meets 2-4, five questions each set will be from material at previous League Meets.

Some districts will have a League Meet 5 ("League Final"), which will cover all material from League Meets 1-4 evenly.

## WRITER'S TIPS & BREAKDOWN

### Championship Division written by Danielle Mori

#### General points:

-   Most types of 10s will be of similar difficulty throughout the season.
-   A few select types of 10s will ramp up in difficulty at the District, Regional, and National levels (i.e. the chapter required as the answer early in the season and the verse reference later in the season).
-   The locator in the introductory remarks—whether blind (no location given), from a chapter, or from a section—will typically correlate to the interruption point and the length of the question.
-   Most types of questions have a predictably anticipated interruption point; Scripture text questions, however, are less predictable and may have a much later interruption point.

#### Leagues

-   League questions start to reveal the pattern of types of questions and interruption points for the year.
-   Quizzers would do well to focus on quoting the material perfectly, especially bulleted (black dot) verses, and learning the verse references for all verses. All point values of questions will use verse references in some of the question types.
-   With the exception of lists, most 20-point questions will require part of a long verse or an entire short verse, and most 30-point questions will require all or most of a long verse.
-   There will be two Application Questions per set in Leagues 1-4. Only the Application Questions covering the current material for that meet will be asked.
-   A small number of questions will ask for an answer or answers coming from more than one verse, but the answers and difficulty will be comparable to questions asking for only one verse.

#### Districts

-   Difficulty will start to increase at Districts, with some multi-verse, 20 and 30-point questions and some concordance questions (i.e. Essence question. 2-part answer. From separate verses of Acts chapter 1. Give in essence the verses in which John the Baptist is named).
-   Quizzers will do well if they can quote the material, recite most intra-chapter chapter analysis in 30 seconds, and begin studying some of the 2- and 3-part concordance answers.

#### Regionals

-   Difficulty will take another step up at Regionals, primarily in length of answer.
-   Continuing to study the concordance, chapter analysis, and quoting the material consistently will help the quizzers perform well.

#### Nationals

-   National-level questions, especially the 20s and 30s, will reflect the most difficult questions of the year. Quizzers will need to be able to quote the material perfectly and quickly.
-   Nearly all 20- and 30-pointers will be asked from more than one verse, and many questions will require that quizzers have studied the concordance and chapter analysis beforehand.
-   Approximately one third to one half of all 20- and 30-point questions will be based on the
    concordance. The mix will vary within each set.
-   Twenty-pointers will vary in length, with a few questions requiring a one-verse answer,
    many requiring 2-3 verses, and a few requiring longer answers or a list.
-   Thirty-pointers will be the most difficult questions of the year. Many questions require four
    or more verses, long lists, or concordance-based answers that would need to be
    previously studied thoroughly.
-   Questions will reflect previous competitions’ style with more difficult answers.

<!-- _Additional guidance on Regionals and Nationals questions will be provided in early 2025._ -->

### Contender/XP5 Divisions written by Jon Galliers

#### General Style

I like to prepare quizzers for common question styles used in higher levels of quiz but demanding shorter answers. Acts is similar to a gospel in the storytelling aspect, so many questions will focus on:

1. Words (answers, replies, conversations)
2. Time periods (what happened when/before/during/after events)
3. Addresses (how a speaker addresses their audience(
4. Actions (what did God/the apostles/the people do).

I will also ask for chapter analysis frequently at all point levels.

The best tool for understanding what to expect will be the Contender Study Questions.

Scripture Text Questions and “According to” questions should be interrupted cautiously. Due to the simpler language of the NLT translation, “According to the nth verse” is used to avoid collisions where similar phrasing appears in multiple verses of the same section or chapter.

#### League Competition

10-point questions will remain consistent in difficulty from the League level through Regional Finals. I write with a general rule of seven words or fewer for 10s, but most will be shorter (1-5 words), although rare exceptions may occur. Some reference knowledge will be required for all point values.

20-point answers generally range from 5 words up to an entire verse (if short).

Most 30-point questions will require close to an entire verse in length.

League 1 through League Finals will be consistent in difficulty and will only change the material being covered. Please be aware of the following requirements for the league level questions for the Contender and XP5 divisions:

-   All Quotation Questions throughout the year will come from the marked primary verses in the Scripture portion.
-   2 Application questions will appear in each set for League 1 through League 4
    -   For XP5 rounds, these will appear between questions 13-18
    -   For Contender rounds, these will appear after question 10
-   Contender Study Questions will appear:
    -   As 10 of the first 12 questions for all XP5 matches
    -   As 10 questions per set for Contender League 1
    -   As 5 questions per set for Contender Leagues 2 through 4

#### District Finals

Expect the difficulty of 20- and 30-point questions to increase. 30-point questions may span up to two verses. Understanding connections between portions of the text will become increasingly important, as will the ability to quote the material and recall verses by reference. Some single-verse concordance may be asked.

#### Regional Finals

Expect Regional 20-point questions to be similar to 30-point questions at District Finals (1-2 verses in length). 30-point questions will span up to 2-3 consecutive verses may require medium chapter analysis lists, and some smaller concordance answers (up to 2 separate verses).

Commit message:

Changeover to GEPCP (#1395)
Update pages with content for the 2025-2026 TBQ season over GEPCP.

_pages/breakdown.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /breakdown/
title: "Material Breakdown"
date: "2025-07-28"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

For the 2025-2026 season we will be quizzing over the books of Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians, and Philemon. This page will be updated as information becomes available.

## League Meet breakdown

| **Meet**      | **Championship**                  | **Contender**                   | **XP5**                           |
| ------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| League Meet 1 | Gal. 1-6<br/>_(149 vs)_           | Gal. 1-5<br/>_(131 vs)_         | Gal. 3 & 5<br/>_(55 vs)_          |
| League Meet 2 | Eph. 1-6<br/>_(155 vs)_           | Gal. 6, Eph. 1-4<br/>_(116 vs)_ | Eph. 4<br/>_(32 vs)_              |
| League Meet 3 | Phil. 1-4<br/>_(104 vs)_          | Eph. 5-6<br/>_(57 vs)_          | Eph. 5-6:9<br/>_(42 vs)_          |
| League Meet 4 | Col. 1-4, Philemon<br/>_(120 vs)_ | Phil. 1-2<br/>_(60 vs)_         | Eph. 6:10 - Phil. 2<br/>_(45 vs)_ |
| **TOTAL**     | **528 verses**                    | **364 verses**                  | **174 verses**                    |

_Championship League was formerly called A League; Contender League was formerly called Middle School Quiz (MSQ)_

For the Championship and Contender divisions at League Meets 2-4, five questions each set will be from material at previous League Meets.

Some districts will have a League Meet 5 ("League Final"), which will cover all material from League Meets 1-4 evenly.

## WRITER'S TIPS & BREAKDOWN

### Championship Division written by Solomon Stevens

Coming soon.

<!-- #### General points:

-   Most types of 10s will be of similar difficulty throughout the season.
-   A few select types of 10s will ramp up in difficulty at the District, Regional, and National levels (i.e. the chapter required as the answer early in the season and the verse reference later in the season).
-   The locator in the introductory remarks—whether blind (no location given), from a chapter, or from a section—will typically correlate to the interruption point and the length of the question.
-   Most types of questions have a predictably anticipated interruption point; Scripture text questions, however, are less predictable and may have a much later interruption point.

#### Leagues

-   League questions start to reveal the pattern of types of questions and interruption points for the year.
-   Quizzers would do well to focus on quoting the material perfectly, especially bulleted (black dot) verses, and learning the verse references for all verses. All point values of questions will use verse references in some of the question types.
-   With the exception of lists, most 20-point questions will require part of a long verse or an entire short verse, and most 30-point questions will require all or most of a long verse.
-   There will be two Application Questions per set in Leagues 1-4. Only the Application Questions covering the current material for that meet will be asked.
-   A small number of questions will ask for an answer or answers coming from more than one verse, but the answers and difficulty will be comparable to questions asking for only one verse.

#### Districts

-   Difficulty will start to increase at Districts, with some multi-verse, 20 and 30-point questions and some concordance questions (i.e. Essence question. 2-part answer. From separate verses of Acts chapter 1. Give in essence the verses in which John the Baptist is named).
-   Quizzers will do well if they can quote the material, recite most intra-chapter chapter analysis in 30 seconds, and begin studying some of the 2- and 3-part concordance answers.

#### Regionals

-   Difficulty will take another step up at Regionals, primarily in length of answer.
-   Continuing to study the concordance, chapter analysis, and quoting the material consistently will help the quizzers perform well.

#### Nationals

-   National-level questions, especially the 20s and 30s, will reflect the most difficult questions of the year. Quizzers will need to be able to quote the material perfectly and quickly.
-   Nearly all 20- and 30-pointers will be asked from more than one verse, and many questions will require that quizzers have studied the concordance and chapter analysis beforehand.
-   Approximately one third to one half of all 20- and 30-point questions will be based on the
    concordance. The mix will vary within each set.
-   Twenty-pointers will vary in length, with a few questions requiring a one-verse answer,
    many requiring 2-3 verses, and a few requiring longer answers or a list.
-   Thirty-pointers will be the most difficult questions of the year. Many questions require four
    or more verses, long lists, or concordance-based answers that would need to be
    previously studied thoroughly.
-   Questions will reflect previous competitions’ style with more difficult answers. -->

<!-- _Additional guidance on Regionals and Nationals questions will be provided in early 2025._ -->

### Contender/XP5 Divisions written by Cole Abbott

Coming soon.

<!-- #### General Style

I like to prepare quizzers for common question styles used in higher levels of quiz but demanding shorter answers. Acts is similar to a gospel in the storytelling aspect, so many questions will focus on:

1. Words (answers, replies, conversations)
2. Time periods (what happened when/before/during/after events)
3. Addresses (how a speaker addresses their audience(
4. Actions (what did God/the apostles/the people do).

I will also ask for chapter analysis frequently at all point levels.

The best tool for understanding what to expect will be the Contender Study Questions.

Scripture Text Questions and “According to” questions should be interrupted cautiously. Due to the simpler language of the NLT translation, “According to the nth verse” is used to avoid collisions where similar phrasing appears in multiple verses of the same section or chapter.

#### League Competition

10-point questions will remain consistent in difficulty from the League level through Regional Finals. I write with a general rule of seven words or fewer for 10s, but most will be shorter (1-5 words), although rare exceptions may occur. Some reference knowledge will be required for all point values.

20-point answers generally range from 5 words up to an entire verse (if short).

Most 30-point questions will require close to an entire verse in length.

League 1 through League Finals will be consistent in difficulty and will only change the material being covered. Please be aware of the following requirements for the league level questions for the Contender and XP5 divisions:

-   All Quotation Questions throughout the year will come from the marked primary verses in the Scripture portion.
-   2 Application questions will appear in each set for League 1 through League 4
    -   For XP5 rounds, these will appear between questions 13-18
    -   For Contender rounds, these will appear after question 10
-   Contender Study Questions will appear:
    -   As 10 of the first 12 questions for all XP5 matches
    -   As 10 questions per set for Contender League 1
    -   As 5 questions per set for Contender Leagues 2 through 4

#### District Finals

Expect the difficulty of 20- and 30-point questions to increase. 30-point questions may span up to two verses. Understanding connections between portions of the text will become increasingly important, as will the ability to quote the material and recall verses by reference. Some single-verse concordance may be asked.

#### Regional Finals

Expect Regional 20-point questions to be similar to 30-point questions at District Finals (1-2 verses in length). 30-point questions will span up to 2-3 consecutive verses may require medium chapter analysis lists, and some smaller concordance answers (up to 2 separate verses). -->
