_pages/discord.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /discord/
title: "Discord"
date: "2023-04-18"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-header.jpg %})


This year at National Finals, we are organizing all communication using an app called [Discord](http://discord.com).

Discord is 100% free to use on computers, phones, and tablets, and there is no advertising.

Here are just a few of the things we will be using Discord for:
* General announcements, like last-minute room changes
* Quoting bee and individual tournament room assignments
* Scheduling officials each day
* Finding rides to the airport or to a restaurant
* Finding teammates for Adult Bible Quiz

Best of all, you will have **complete control** over what notifications you get!

Here's how you can join the Bible Quiz Nationals Discord server.

## Create a Discord account

Like everything these days, you'll need an account. Here's a link to walk you through the process of setting up a free Discord account.

<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360033931551-Getting-Started" class="button is-primary">Create Discord Account</a>


## Join the server

Once you have your account setup, check with your coach for the Discord invite link.

<!-- <a href="https://forms.gle/xfWLZniwpVP2pAEp9" class="button is-primary">Request access</a> -->

## Manage notifications

Discord lets you control your notifications, so you only get the notifications you want.

On desktop, click on a channel, and look for the bell icon at the top right

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-notifications-location-1024x410.jpg %})

Click on the bell, and you will have an option to Mute the channel (which will stop notifications).

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-desktop-notifications-1024x333.jpg %})

You can also hit "All Messages" to make sure you don't miss anything!

On mobile, press and hold the channel you want to adjust. A menu will pop up from the bottom. Tap "Notification Settings."

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-mobile-notifications-473x1024.jpg %})

Tap the first option to select your mute settings, or All Messages to get all notifications from a channel.

![]({% link /assets/pages/IMG_FD246132044B-1-920x1024.jpeg %})

## Questions?

<a href="mailto:hello@biblequiz.com" class="button is-primary">Email hello@biblequiz.com</a>

If you're in the Discord server, go to the channel called **#discord-help** and post your issue, and one of the admins will help you out!

![]({% link /assets/pages/tech-support-channel-1024x681.jpg %})

Commit message:

Updated Discord info for TBQ Nationals 2024

_pages/discord.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /discord/
title: "Discord"
date: "2023-04-18"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

<a href="{% link _pages/history/2024/nationals/index.md %}" class="button is-primary">Nationals 2024 Home Page</a>

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-header.jpg %})

This year at National Finals, we are organizing all communication using an app called [Discord](http://discord.com).

Discord is 100% free to use on computers, phones, and tablets, and there is no advertising.

Here are just a few of the things we will be using Discord for:

-   General announcements, like last-minute room changes
-   Quoting bee and individual tournament room assignments
-   Scheduling officials each day
-   Finding rides to the airport or to a restaurant
-   Finding teammates for Adult Bible Quiz

Best of all, you will have **complete control** over what notifications you get!

Here's how you can join the Bible Quiz Nationals Discord server.

## Create a Discord account

Like everything these days, you'll need an account. Here's a link to walk you through the process of setting up a free Discord account.

<a href="https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/360033931551-Getting-Started" class="button is-primary">Create Discord Account</a>

## Join the server

Once you have your account setup, check with your coach for the Discord invite link. You can also access Discord from the official [AG Bible Quiz Facebook Group](https://www.facebook.com/groups/agbiblequiz).

## Manage notifications

Discord lets you control your notifications, so you only get the notifications you want.

On desktop, click on a channel, and look for the bell icon at the top right

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-notifications-location-1024x410.jpg %})

Click on the bell, and you will have an option to Mute the channel (which will stop notifications).

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-desktop-notifications-1024x333.jpg %})

You can also hit "All Messages" to make sure you don't miss anything!

On mobile, press and hold the channel you want to adjust. A menu will pop up from the bottom. Tap "Notification Settings."

![]({% link /assets/pages/discord-mobile-notifications-473x1024.jpg %})

Tap the first option to select your mute settings, or All Messages to get all notifications from a channel.

![]({% link /assets/pages/IMG_FD246132044B-1-920x1024.jpeg %})

## Questions?

<a href="mailto:hello@biblequiz.com" class="button is-primary">Email hello@biblequiz.com</a>

If you're in the Discord server, go to the channel called **#discord-help** and post your issue, and one of the admins will help you out!

![]({% link /assets/pages/tech-support-channel-1024x681.jpg %})

<a href="{% link _pages/history/2024/nationals/index.md %}" class="button is-primary">Nationals 2024 Home Page</a>
