_pages/downloads.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /downloads/
title: "Downloads & Forms"
date: "2016-05-02"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

### XP5 Starter Kit
A simple scripture portion for the first league meet over Romans 8!

<a href="{% link assets/2024/XP5-Starter-LM1.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">XP5 Starter Kit (PDF)</a>
<a href="{% link assets/2024/XP5-Starter-LM1.docx %}" class="button is-primary">XP5 Starter Kit (DOCX)</a>

### Bible Quiz Cheat Sheet
The fastest way to learn about Bible Quiz and a must-have for new teams at their first match!

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24_TBQ-Cheat-Sheet.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Cheat Sheet</a>

# Rules & Guidelines

### Official Rules
For use in all Bible Quiz matches, all year long.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24 Bible Quiz Rules.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Rules (PDF)</a>

To see a comparison between the updated rules and the rules from last season:

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24 Bible Quiz Rules Summary.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download summary of rule changes (PDF)</a> <a href="{% link _posts/2023/2023-07-25-updated-rules.md %}" class="button is-primary">Read explanation of changes</a>


### Simplified Rules
Only 10 pages long, these rules are great for getting started in Bible Quiz! All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24_Simplified-TBQ-Rules.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Simplified Rules</a>

### XP5 Match Structure
A few minor rule changes for XP5 competitions. All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/XP5-Match-Structure.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download XP5 Match Structure</a>

* * *

# Award Guidelines and Forms

![]({% link assets/2024/Banner NMA.jpg %})

All of the material must be quoted one chapter at at time and in one sitting, with four mistakes or fewer. No time limit!

<a href="{% link assets/2024/NMA-Guidelines.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">National Memorization Award Guidelines</a>

<br /><br />

![]({% link assets/2024/Banner MMA.jpg %})

All of the material must be quoted consecutively in one sitting with 10 mistakes or fewer in 45 minutes or less.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/MMA-Guidelines.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Master Memorization Award Guidelines</a>

<br /><br />

### Memorization Award Form
Once you've earned the NMA and/or the MMA, fill out the following form and send to your District Bible Quiz Coordinator (DBQC). *If you are unsure of who your DBQC is, email <pastorbernie@biblequiz.com>.*

<a href="{% link assets/2024/Memorization-Award-Form.doc %}" class="button is-primary">Memorization Award Form</a>

<br /><br />

![]({% link assets/2024/Banner DA.jpg %})

<a href="{% link assets/2024/Discipleship-Award-Guidelines.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Discipleship Award Guidelines</a>


* * *

# Scoresheets
### Paper Scoresheet
The tested-and-true paper scoresheet has been a classic in Bible Quiz for decades.

<a href="{% link assets/2016/free-paper-scoresheet.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Scoresheet</a>

### Excel Scoresheet
A free spreadsheet for tracking scores in a match.

<a href="{% link assets/2016/free-excel-scoresheet-v34.xls %}" class="button is-primary">Download Excel File</a>

* * *

# Graphics

### Scripture Portion Artwork

<img src="{% link assets/2024/23-24_romans-and-james-scripture-portion-cover.jpg %}" width="300">

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24_romans-and-james-scripture-portion-cover.jpg %}" class="button is-primary">Download Scripture Portion Artwork</a>

### Banner
![]({% link assets/2024/Banner Empty.jpg %})

<a href="{% link assets/2024/Banner Empty.jpg %}" class="button is-primary">Download Banner</a>

### Bible Quiz Logo
<img src="{% link assets/pages/biblequizlogo-805x1024.jpg %}" width="300">


<a href="{% link assets/pages/biblequizlogo-805x1024.jpg %}" class="button is-primary">Download Logo</a>

* * *

# Videos

### Promo: 15 Minutes a Day
![]({% link assets/pages/15-minutes-a-day-1024x576.jpg %})

<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HqJsgHlyLT-G-0Ir32BzjMNs4AgjewtC/view?usp=sharing" class="button is-primary">Download</a>

### Promo: Palm of Your Hand
![]({% link assets/pages/palm-of-your-hand-1024x576.jpg %})

<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17Lg2J1CBuL66NuzUrwJCX2vSLZ2LbNDX/view?usp=sharing" class="button is-primary">Download</a>

### Promo: Therefore I Run
![]({% link assets/pages/promo-therefore-i-run-1024x590.jpg %})

<a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1uU3XdXI2CAroXMdkgUNeHIbNQM5JbFk8" class="button is-primary">Download</a>

Commit message:

Updated the Latest Navigation (#241)
@jameslex updated the navigation of the web site based on the following
philosophy for the existing navigation bar:
* It has become cluttered  
* Unclear reasoning why some items are in the main navbar and others in
the Current Season section
* Shows no distinction between JBQ and TBQ

The solution:
* Group all applicable links under JBQ or TBQ
* Whatever links are left stay in the top level since they are features
for both JBQ and TBQ. This ended up being Upcoming events, Blog, Apps,
and Search
* Limit the number of top-level links to no more than 6, if possible

In addition to the navigation changes, the change also includes a
newsletter post about the updated web site.

---------

Co-authored-by: James <james@jameslex.com>
Co-authored-by: Michael Scott <michsco@microsoft.com>

_pages/downloads.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /downloads/
title: "Downloads & Forms"
date: "2016-05-02"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

### XP5 Starter Kit
A simple scripture portion for the first league meet over Romans 8!

<a href="{% link assets/2024/XP5-Starter-LM1.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">XP5 Starter Kit (PDF)</a>
<a href="{% link assets/2024/XP5-Starter-LM1.docx %}" class="button is-primary">XP5 Starter Kit (DOCX)</a>

### Bible Quiz Cheat Sheet
The fastest way to learn about Bible Quiz and a must-have for new teams at their first match!

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24_TBQ-Cheat-Sheet.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Cheat Sheet</a>

# Rules & Guidelines

### Official Rules
For use in all Bible Quiz matches, all year long.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24 Bible Quiz Rules.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Rules (PDF)</a>

To see a comparison between the updated rules and the rules from last season:

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24 Bible Quiz Rules Summary.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download summary of rule changes (PDF)</a> <a href="{% link _posts/2023/2023-07-25-updated-rules.md %}" class="button is-primary">Read explanation of changes</a>


### Simplified Rules
Only 10 pages long, these rules are great for getting started in Bible Quiz! All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24_Simplified-TBQ-Rules.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Simplified Rules</a>

### XP5 Match Structure
A few minor rule changes for XP5 competitions. All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/XP5-Match-Structure.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download XP5 Match Structure</a>

* * *

# Award Guidelines and Forms

![]({% link assets/2024/Banner NMA.jpg %})

All of the material must be quoted one chapter at at time and in one sitting, with four mistakes or fewer. No time limit!

<a href="{% link assets/2024/NMA-Guidelines.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">National Memorization Award Guidelines</a>

<br /><br />

![]({% link assets/2024/Banner MMA.jpg %})

All of the material must be quoted consecutively in one sitting with 10 mistakes or fewer in 45 minutes or less.

<a href="{% link assets/2024/MMA-Guidelines.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Master Memorization Award Guidelines</a>

<br /><br />

### Memorization Award Form
Once you've earned the NMA and/or the MMA, fill out the following form and send to your District Bible Quiz Coordinator (DBQC). *If you are unsure of who your DBQC is, email <pastorbernie@biblequiz.com>.*

<a href="{% link assets/2024/Memorization-Award-Form.doc %}" class="button is-primary">Memorization Award Form</a>

<br /><br />

![]({% link assets/2024/Banner DA.jpg %})

<a href="{% link assets/2024/Discipleship-Award-Guidelines.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Discipleship Award Guidelines</a>


* * *

# Coaching App
Designed for coaches to keep score, lookup answers, research data, see the latest rulebook, see the online score, and get an online schedule for any online registered competition on BibleQuiz.com.
<a href="{% link _pages/apps.md %}" class="button is-primary">Go to App Downloads</a>

# Scoresheets
### Paper Scoresheet
The tested-and-true paper scoresheet has been a classic in Bible Quiz for decades.

<a href="{% link assets/2016/free-paper-scoresheet.pdf %}" class="button is-primary">Download Scoresheet</a>

### Excel Scoresheet
A free spreadsheet for tracking scores in a match.

<a href="{% link assets/2016/free-excel-scoresheet-v34.xls %}" class="button is-primary">Download Excel File</a>

* * *

# Graphics

### Scripture Portion Artwork

<img src="{% link assets/2024/23-24_romans-and-james-scripture-portion-cover.jpg %}" width="300">

<a href="{% link assets/2024/23-24_romans-and-james-scripture-portion-cover.jpg %}" class="button is-primary">Download Scripture Portion Artwork</a>

### Banner
![]({% link assets/2024/Banner Empty.jpg %})

<a href="{% link assets/2024/Banner Empty.jpg %}" class="button is-primary">Download Banner</a>

### Bible Quiz Logo
<img src="{% link assets/pages/biblequizlogo-805x1024.jpg %}" width="300">


<a href="{% link assets/pages/biblequizlogo-805x1024.jpg %}" class="button is-primary">Download Logo</a>

* * *

# Videos

### Promo: 15 Minutes a Day
![]({% link assets/pages/15-minutes-a-day-1024x576.jpg %})

<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HqJsgHlyLT-G-0Ir32BzjMNs4AgjewtC/view?usp=sharing" class="button is-primary">Download</a>

### Promo: Palm of Your Hand
![]({% link assets/pages/palm-of-your-hand-1024x576.jpg %})

<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/17Lg2J1CBuL66NuzUrwJCX2vSLZ2LbNDX/view?usp=sharing" class="button is-primary">Download</a>

### Promo: Therefore I Run
![]({% link assets/pages/promo-therefore-i-run-1024x590.jpg %})

<a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1uU3XdXI2CAroXMdkgUNeHIbNQM5JbFk8" class="button is-primary">Download</a>
