_pages/products.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /products/
title: "Products"
date: "2016-05-02"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

## My Healthy Church

Get starter bundles, scripture portions, and valuable study resources from My Healthy Church--the official product store from the Assemblies of God.

<a href="https://myhealthychurch.com/store/startcat.cfm?cat=YMBIBQUIZ&mastercat=&path=YMBIBQUIZ" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---
## My Healthy Church Digital

Get official questions packs and study apps from My Healthy Church Digital.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Categories/Teen-Bible-Quiz" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## BibleQuizShop.com

A myriad of helpful products for AG Bible Quiz! Recently popular for selling paper quote cards, BibleQuizShop.com is famous for apps to write questions, generate sets, study with electronic quote cards, and even quiz with online buzzers! Available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Amazon.

<a href="https://ag.biblequizshop.com/" class="button is-primary">Browse Catalog</a>

---

## E-Score
![]({% link assets/pages/E-Score-1080-300x169.jpg %})

The powerful, easy to use Bible Quiz scoresheet for Microsoft Excel. One license covers an entire church forever! Available for digital download.

<a href="https://escore.jameslex.com/" class="button is-primary">Buy Now</a>

---

## QuizEquipment.com
![]({% link assets/pages/kirkman.jpg %})

Steve Kirkman's buzzer set is the most popular set used in AG quizzing.

<a href="http://www.quizequipment.com/quizbox_pdf/ag_info.pdf" class="button is-primary">Browse Catalog</a>

---

Commit message:

Updating content for the TBQ Acts season (#659)

_pages/products.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /products/
title: "Products"
date: "2016-05-02"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

## Free practice questions

Download free practice questions for your XP5 team, courtesy of Karl Dawson.

-   [Acts chapter 2]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-2.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 4]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-4.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 5]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-5.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 9]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-9.pdf %})

## My Healthy Church

Buy official scripture portions from the official product store of the Assemblies of God.

<a href="https://myhealthychurch.com/store/startcat.cfm?cat=YMBIBQUIZ&mastercat=&path=YMBIBQUIZ" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## My Healthy Church Digital

Get official questions packs and study apps from My Healthy Church Digital.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Categories/Teen-Bible-Quiz" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## BibleQuizShop.com

A myriad of helpful products for AG Bible Quiz! Recently popular for selling paper quote cards, BibleQuizShop.com is famous for apps to write questions, generate sets, study with electronic quote cards, and even quiz with online buzzers! Available for Windows, iOS, Android, and Amazon.

<a href="https://ag.biblequizshop.com/" class="button is-primary">Browse Catalog</a>

---

## E-Score

![]({% link assets/pages/E-Score-1080-300x169.jpg %})

The powerful, easy to use Bible Quiz scoresheet for Microsoft Excel. One license covers an entire church forever! Available for digital download.

<a href="https://escore.jameslex.com/" class="button is-primary">Buy Now</a>

---

## QuizEquipment.com

![]({% link assets/pages/kirkman.jpg %})

Steve Kirkman's buzzer set is the most popular set used in AG quizzing.

<a href="http://www.quizequipment.com/quizbox_pdf/ag_info.pdf" class="button is-primary">Browse Catalog</a>

---
