_pages/questions.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /questions/
title: "Questions"
date: "2016-05-01"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

<!-- ![]({% link assets/2024/Banner AQ.jpg %}) -->

## Application Questions - FREE

League Meets contain two Application Questions every round.

For new teams, memorizing all Application Questions guarantees at least two questions can be answered every round.

Recommended for all teams competing at League Meets.

<a href="{% link assets/2025/24-25_Acts-application-questions.doc %}" class="button is-primary">Application Questions (.doc)</a>

---

## Practice questions by Karl Dawson — FREE

Download free practice questions for your XP5 team, courtesy of former quizzer Karl Dawson.

-   [Acts chapter 2]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-2.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 4]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-4.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 5]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-5.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 9]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-9.pdf %})

---

## Digital Bundle - $120

A bundle of all the below resources in a single package.

The Digital Bundle includes:

-   Basic Five
-   League Practice Questions
-   Contender Practice Questions
-   Study Guide

Duplication allowed within a single church.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/TBQ_Bundle_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## Basic Five - $70

Basic practice questions that every coach needs to help their students prepare for the meets and tournaments in Championship, Contender, and XP5.

The Basic Five includes:

-   Chapter Analysis
-   Chapter Sampler Questions
-   Contender Study Questions
-   Phrase Questions
-   Progressive Sets

Duplication allowed within a single church.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/Basic_Five_Acts_2024_2025">Go Now</a>

---

## Championship Practice Questions - $50

50 sets of practice questions for Championship quizzers.

Questions are written by the official Championship division writer.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/A_League_Practice_Sets_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## Contender Practice Questions - $30

40 sets of practice questions for Contender quizzers.

Questions were written by the official Contender and XP5 division writer.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/MSQ_Practice_Sets_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## Study Guide Plus - $15

Includes:

-   Biblical Commentary for the season
-   Discipleship Award Requirements
-   Application Questions for the season (also available for free)

For XP5 teams, there are additional assets that can supercharge your team!

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/Study_Guide_Plus_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## District/Regional/National Practice Questions

<!-- Designed for Championship league teams ready to compete at the highest level, the "DRN" Practice Questions are written by the official Championship league writer to prepare teams for specific question types and difficulty for Districts, Regionals, and Nationals. -->

{% include notification.html
   message="This product is created in December/January near the end of the season to be ready for the final competitions of the season."
   icon="fas fa-info-circle"
   status="is-success" %}

---

[Have questions you'd like featured here? Let us know!](mailto:hello@biblequiz.com)

Commit message:

Add advertisement for Karl Dawson practice questions

_pages/questions.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /questions/
title: "Questions"
date: "2016-05-01"
menubar: menu_current_season
---

<!-- ![]({% link assets/2024/Banner AQ.jpg %}) -->

## Application Questions - FREE

League Meets contain two Application Questions every round.

For new teams, memorizing all Application Questions guarantees at least two questions can be answered every round.

Recommended for all teams competing at League Meets.

<a href="{% link assets/2025/24-25_Acts-application-questions.doc %}" class="button is-primary">Application Questions (.doc)</a>

---

## Practice questions by Karl Dawson — FREE

Download free practice questions for your XP5 team, courtesy of former quizzer Karl Dawson.

-   [Acts chapter 2]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-2.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 4]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-4.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 5]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-5.pdf %})
-   [Acts chapter 9]({% link assets/2025/XP5-Chapter-9.pdf %})

---

## Digital Bundle - $120

A bundle of all the below resources in a single package.

The Digital Bundle includes:

-   Basic Five
-   League Practice Questions
-   Contender Practice Questions
-   Study Guide

Duplication allowed within a single church.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/TBQ_Bundle_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## Basic Five - $70

Basic practice questions that every coach needs to help their students prepare for the meets and tournaments in Championship, Contender, and XP5.

The Basic Five includes:

-   Chapter Analysis
-   Chapter Sampler Questions
-   Contender Study Questions
-   Phrase Questions
-   Progressive Sets

Duplication allowed within a single church.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/Basic_Five_Acts_2024_2025">Go Now</a>

---

## Championship Practice Questions by Danielle Mori - $50

50 sets of practice questions for Championship quizzers written by the official Championship division writer.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/A_League_Practice_Sets_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## Championship Practice Questions by Karl Dawson - $50

Nationals coach and quizzer Karl Dawson is selling 53 Championship League-level sets for $50. Contact him at [karltdawson@mac.com](mailto:karltdawson@mac.com) to place your order.

---

## Contender Practice Questions - $30

40 sets of practice questions for Contender quizzers.

Questions were written by the official Contender and XP5 division writer.

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/MSQ_Practice_Sets_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## Study Guide Plus - $15

Includes:

-   Biblical Commentary for the season
-   Discipleship Award Requirements
-   Application Questions for the season (also available for free)

For XP5 teams, there are additional assets that can supercharge your team!

<a href="https://digital.myhealthychurch.com/Digital-Items/TBQ/2024-2025/Study_Guide_Plus_Acts_2024_2025" class="button is-primary">Go Now</a>

---

## District/Regional/National Practice Questions

<!-- Designed for Championship league teams ready to compete at the highest level, the "DRN" Practice Questions are written by the official Championship league writer to prepare teams for specific question types and difficulty for Districts, Regionals, and Nationals. -->

{% include notification.html
   message="This product is created in December/January near the end of the season to be ready for the final competitions of the season."
   icon="fas fa-info-circle"
   status="is-success" %}

---

[Have questions you'd like featured here? Let us know!](mailto:hello@biblequiz.com)
