src/content/docs/tbq/Seasons/2026/Rules/index.mdx, before:

---
title: "Rules and Guidelines"
sidebar:
    label: Rules
    order: 10
    attrs:
      icon: fas faBookOpen
---

import { LinkButton } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";
import { Badge } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";
import { Aside } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

## Official Rules

For use in all Teen Bible Quiz matches for the entire season.

<LinkButton
    href="/assets/2026/25-26_TBQ-Rules.pdf"
    icon="seti:pdf"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Download Rules
</LinkButton>

## Simplified Rules <Badge text="Coming soon!" variant="tip" />

Only 10 pages long, these rules are great for getting started in Teen Bible Quiz! All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

{/*
<LinkButton
    href="/assets/2024/2024-tbq-simplified-rules.pdf"
    icon="seti:pdf"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Download Simplified Rules
</LinkButton> */}

## XP5 Match Structure

A few minor rule changes for XP5 competitions. All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

<LinkButton
    href="/assets/2025/2025-tbq-xp5-match-structure.pdf"
    icon="seti:pdf"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Download XP5 Match Structure
</LinkButton>

[//]: # "### Tiebreakers"
[//]: # '<LinkButton href="/assets/2023/2023-tbq-national-finals-tie-breaker-rules.pdf" icon="seti:pdf" iconPlacement="start">Download Tie Breaking Rules</LinkButton>'

## Competition Structure and Eligibility

This section covers structure and advancement from league meets to National Finals as well as eligibility requirements for teams and quizzers.

<LinkButton
    href="/tbq/seasons/2026/rules/eligibility"
    icon="open-book"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Eligibility
</LinkButton>

Commit message:

Add rule changes for upcoming TBQ season

src/content/docs/tbq/Seasons/2026/Rules/index.mdx, after:

---
title: "Rules and Guidelines"
sidebar:
    label: Rules
    order: 10
    attrs:
        icon: fas faBookOpen
---

import { LinkButton } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";
import { Badge } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";
import { Aside } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

## Official Rules

For use in all Teen Bible Quiz matches for the entire season. You can find the [changes for the 2025-2026 season here](./changes).

<LinkButton
    href="/assets/2026/25-26_TBQ-Rules.pdf"
    icon="seti:pdf"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Download Rules
</LinkButton>

## Simplified Rules <Badge text="Coming soon!" variant="tip" />

Only 10 pages long, these rules are great for getting started in Teen Bible Quiz! All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

{/*
<LinkButton
    href="/assets/2024/2024-tbq-simplified-rules.pdf"
    icon="seti:pdf"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Download Simplified Rules
</LinkButton> */}

## XP5 Match Structure

A few minor rule changes for XP5 competitions. All rules from the full set of Official Rules above are still in effect.

<LinkButton
    href="/assets/2025/2025-tbq-xp5-match-structure.pdf"
    icon="seti:pdf"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Download XP5 Match Structure
</LinkButton>

[//]: # "### Tiebreakers"
[//]: # '<LinkButton href="/assets/2023/2023-tbq-national-finals-tie-breaker-rules.pdf" icon="seti:pdf" iconPlacement="start">Download Tie Breaking Rules</LinkButton>'

## Competition Structure and Eligibility

This section covers structure and advancement from league meets to National Finals as well as eligibility requirements for teams and quizzers.

<LinkButton
    href="/tbq/seasons/2026/rules/eligibility"
    icon="open-book"
    iconPlacement="start"
>
    Eligibility
</LinkButton>
